Clarify attachment wording in CONTRIBUTING.md (#6158)
UniversalMediaServer/UniversalMediaServer: CONTRIBUTING.md

# <a name="Attachments"></a>Attachments

> GitHub only allows image attachments in issues.. Other attachments, such as zipped logs, can be posted in the <a href="https://www.universalmediaserver.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=14&t=1656">GitHub attachments thread</a> in the UMS forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only attachment type that GitHub supports in issues is images. Other attachments, such as zipped logs, can be posted in the <a href="https://www.universalmediaserver.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=14&t=1656">GitHub attachments thread</a> in the UMS forum.
```

> The only attachment type that GitHub supports in issues is images. Other attachments, such as zipped logs, can be posted in the <a href="https://www.universalmediaserver.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=14&t=1656">GitHub attachments thread</a> in the UMS forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either attach your zip file to the issue directly, or add it to the <a href="https://www.universalmediaserver.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=14&t=1656">GitHub attachments thread</a> in the UMS forum.
```
